
Abaddon: Unlike the other scions of his house, Abaddon drank deeper than any from the prophetic vapors that flowed from the Font of Avernus. Now a being of unnatural powers, Abaddon releases deathly Mist Coils to damage adversaries and heal allies. The black mist swirls around his compatriots, forming an Aphotic Shield that absorbs attacks before bursting in a wide radius. But the Font's greatest gift is revealed only in the desperation of battle. Bestowed with Borrowed Time, Abaddon charges the enemy ranks, riding down foes with his cursed blade, his health returning with each welcoming blow. For all that was meant to kill did nothing but make the Lord of Avernus even more formidable.

Alchemist: Having broken out of prison with his ogre accomplice, Razzil Darkbrew embarks on the search for new materials to use in his transmutations. Learned in alchemy, Razzil is able to extract extra gold from creeps, and create fields of toxic sludge with Acid Spray. The Alchemist brews, atop the shoulders of his companion, an increasingly Unstable Concoction that is ideally thrown before it explodes. In a pinch, Razzil slips his partner an unknown potion, inducing a Chemical Rage in the ogre's body. Symptoms include unnatural attack speed, rapid health regeneration, and a pleasant purple hue.

Axe: One by one the soldiers of the Red Mist fell, some in battle, others to Moghul Khan's ambitions, until the self-declared general found himself a commander without troops. No matter, Axe thought. For a one-man army is the best army of all. Leaping into battle, Moghul Khan compels nearby foes to attack him with a taunting Berserker's Call. Absorbing blows from every direction, Axe reacts by swinging his axe full circle in a Counter Helix, easily dispatching the swarm he had gathered. But alas, not all stay long enough to meet their end. The few limping away from Moghul Khan feel an inexplicable Battle Hunger, a hunger that is never sated before Axe sends them to an early grave with Culling Blade.

Beastmaster: Raised in the royal menagerie of Slom, Karroch learned to converse with beasts from a young age. With this unique talent, the Beastmaster is able to summon to his side a trusty Boar and a scouting Hawk. In addition to his companions, Karroch has mastered the art of throwing Wild Axes, cutting down trees and foes before returning to his hands. The Beastmaster awakens the Inner Beast of nearby allies, increasing their attack speed. Should an enemy attempt to flee, Karroch lets loose a Primal Roar, incapacitating the target and clearing the path to its demise.

Brewmaster: For nine days Mangix fought the master of his order, both warriors swilling and striking in equal measure, until at last the elder collapsed into a drunken stupor. Having claimed the title of Brewmaster, Mangix now wanders the land as a Drunken Brawler, swinging and evading with unpredictable finesse. Under one arm he holds a great keg, and not merely for storing his Cinder Brew. Mangix drenches enemies in alcohol, disorienting them before slamming the barrel down with a Thunder Clap. Rumor around taverns is that the Brewmaster is actually composed of three elementals, and should one catch him sufficiently intoxicated, one may just witness this Primal Split in action.

Bristleback: The enforcer at a local pub, Rigwarl's never failed to collect a tab. That is, until he met one tough customer from the north. For the first time in his life, Rigwarl felt the need to train. His thorny back deters attack while peppering foes with constant Quill Sprays. From his nose he blows thick gobs of snot, slowing and covering opponents in Viscous Nasal Goo. With every volley and every sneeze, Rigwarl works himself into a fury, adding rage to each blow as he goes on the Warpath in search of a rematch.

Centaur Warrunner: Some write to express their being, others paint or sing. But for the centaurs of Druud, there is no higher art than the art of killing. And in that, none was more accomplished than Bradwarden. With skills acquired in the arena, the Warrunner punishes his opponents for every attack, disregarding harm to himself as he metes out a fearsome Double Edge. Ever in search of a worthy opponent, Bradwarden rouses his allies to charge down enemies in a wild Stampede. Once battle is joined, the Centaur Warrunner tramples surrounding foes with a Hoof Stomp, stunning them just long enough for his battleaxe to sink in.

Chaos Knight: Upon the black steed Armageddon, the Chaos Knight rode into countless battles with a single purpose in mind: To extinguish that which he knows as "The Light". Like a roll of unseen dice, the oldest Fundamental stuns his targets with a Chaos Bolt, then deals unpredictable damage in the form of Chaos Strikes. Those who escape the initial onslaught find themselves in a Reality Rift, reappearing inexplicably at Armageddon's side, exposed for its rider's wrath. Flanked by several images of himself, the Chaos Knight and his Phantasms hack their opponents apart with the strength of multiple heroes.

Clockwerk: Powered by revenge and ingenuity, Rattletrap armored himself into an instrument of war. Rocket Flares flew from his shoulder-mounted launcher, striking and revealing distant territories. A sudden Hookshot flies, latching and pulling the mechanized Keen to his unsuspecting foe. Before the stunned target could react, Rattletrap erects a grid of Power Cogs, trapping his foe within while repelling help from without. He triggers the suit's Battery Assault, and watches the target panic as short bursts of shrapnel whittle down its remaining health...

Doom: Wings branded and visage twisted, the Fallen One bears little resemblance to his former self. Banished from the realm of light, Lucifer now walks the earth, bringing misery to all who stand against him. The towering demon Devours creeps in a single bite, digesting them whole and assimilating their abilities. The fires of Hell smolder at Lucifer's feet, leaving in his wake fields of Scorched Earth. When the bell of Vashundol tolls, an enemy's downfall is sure to follow. Lucifer places upon his adversary an enduring curse, burning away at its health and rendering it utterly powerless as it staggers towards its inevitable Doom.

Dragon Knight: As Sir Davion slew Slyrak in arranged combat, the Eldwurm's blood mingled with his own, sealing their essences together. He was no longer a dragon-slayer, but a Dragon Knight. The infusion of Dragon Blood caused his wounds to heal with inhuman speed, and granted him great new powers. While nowhere as grand as Slyrak, he found himself with the ability to Breathe Fire, immolating packs of foes at once. But when Davion took on his Elder Dragon Form, he became the Eldwurm itself, and upon his awestruck enemies he rained projectiles of acid, fire, and ice.

Earth Spirit: Reborn of stone and jade, Kaolin fights with strength gathered from a thousand years of entombment. The great general places, like pieces on a grand board, silent Stone Remnants for use in strategies known only to himself. A master of positioning, Kaolin knocks back foes with Boulder Smash, pulls close allies with Geomagnetic Grip, and freely manipulates his Remnants at will. Never one to lead from behind, Kaolin crashes into the fray as a Rolling Boulder. Foes are left stumbling away from battle, their health slipping as they try in vain to escape from the general's maze of Magnetized stone.

Earthshaker: Woken from the depth of the earth, Raigor Stonehoof shapes the battlefield with seismic force. With his long ranged Fissure, the Earthshaker creates impassable terrain where none existed before. Up close, Raigor swings heavily with his Enchanted Totem, hitting thrice as hard. Never afraid to be outnumbered, the Earthshaker turns the tables with a mighty Echo Slam, demolishing entire armies in the process.

Elder Titan: Even the greatest of Titans err in their work. Trapped in his own flawed creation, the Worldsmith seeks forever to repair the fissured planes. His Natural Order reduces all to its base, disintegrating whatever defenses his foes layer themselves with. From a hidden plane, the Elder Titan summons his Astral Spirit, sending this ghostly form through bodies and past defenses. Once positioned, an Echo Stomp rings out from both Titan and spirit, knocking unconscious all in its wake. The battlefield cracks under the Titan's forge hammer, and a glimpse of creation is seen as the Earth Splitter rends the ground asunder. For what the Worldsmith makes, he can also unmake.

Huskar: Rescued against his will from the Nothl Realm, the revived Huskar found supernatural strength in his own living essence. The Sacred Warrior marks Burning Spears with blood, setting both weapon and lifeforce alight before throwing them at his foes. By sacrificing a portion of his health with Life Break, Huskar lunges towards a single target, causing it to lose an even greater portion of health. With every blow sustained, Berserker's Blood redoubled the Sacred Warrior's speed and made him ever more resilient to magic, facing down his opponent in a bloody fervor until he emerged triumphant.

Io: The phenomenon that is Io manifests on the physical plane as a wisp of light, its purpose beyond mortal understanding. It flits to and fro the battlefield, searching for an ally to Tether to. Those blessed with Io's bond feel their feet lighten as the Wisp channels its own regenerative powers into their body. Should its host falter, Io begins to Overcharge, augmenting that ally's speed while strengthening his resolve. As a force unbound by the laws of corporeal space, Io is able to temporarily Relocate itself and an ally to any point in the world, often saving a companion from certain death.

Kunkka: It is said that none survived the battle at the Trembling Isle, save perhaps, the Admiral of the Claddish fleet. Man or phantom, Kunkka's presence on the battlefield is duly felt by all. Armed with the legendary Tidebringer, the Admiral strikes with a single blow at all who stand before him. A veteran of innumerable naval engagements, Kunkka times his skills with planned precision, catching opponents in a rising Torrent, before summoning the ephemeral Ghostship to dash them upon the rocks.

Legion Commander: Renowned for her intrepid defense of Stonehall, the commander of the Bronze Legion swore a brutal vengeance upon its abyssal invaders. The call of Tresdin's horn heals and hastens her soldiers, inspiring them to Press the Attack. Faced with Overwhelming Odds, the commander calls down a spread of arrows from the archers of Stonehall. But above all, Tresdin relishes the Duel. Locked in single combat, she counterstrikes instinctively, slashing twice in the time her opponent takes to swing once. With each victory claimed, the Legion Commander adds to her strength, scaling her potential upwards without limit.

Lifestealer: What was once a man is now little more than a husk, its mind long since departed from lifetimes of imprisonment. Or has it? Now on the loose, N'aix appears to be driven by a new purpose, although what precisely that is, none would know. The Lifestealer Feasts on raw flesh, nourishing himself with every attack while inflicting grievous Open Wounds that make escape near impossible. By sheer ferocity, or perhaps madness, N'aix flies into a Rage, intensifying his assault while defying all wizardry. For a particularly nasty surprise, the Lifestealer Infests an unhappy victim, hiding inside its body in wait for the opportunity to burst out in a gory explosion.

Lycan: Part man and part wolf, Banehallow stands as the lone surviving heir to the noble house of Ambry. Not one to squander his curse, Banehallow Summons Wolves to scout ahead and aid him in the hunt. A blood-curdling Howl empowers his animal companions, sinking fang and claw into his prey with Feral Impulse. But these abilities pale in comparison to the true manifestation of his lycanthropy. Under the full moon, Banehallow Shapeshifts into the great wolf, and takes on supernatural haste as he sprints unhindered across the battlefield to tear the throats from his enemies.

Magnus: A magnoceros does not believe in chance, and the eruption of Mount Joerlak was no accident. For this reason Magnus set out, never to return to his kin until those responsible had been impaled upon his horn. He charges into battle, Skewering and dragging enemies through any terrain. With a deep bellow, the magnoceros Empowers his companions to strike beyond their normal scope, and devastates entire enemy columns with subterranean Shockwaves. In the midst of the fray, Magnus unleashes his most remarkable ability, Reverse Polarity. Nearby foes are pulled instantly to a spot before him, dazed and immobilized, ready to be dispatched by his allies.

Mars: Seeking purpose and satisfaction through war, the god Mars now sets his sights on new conquests against his heavenly kin. In one arm he hoists a heavy shield, an impenetrable Bulwark that guards against all assault. Using divine strength, he pierces foes with his legendary Spear, and smashes attackers back with his shield, sending them flying across the battlefield. The undead warriors of the Ash Legion rise at Mars' beckoning to form a circle, ensuring that none may interfere with the glorious combat inside the Arena Of Blood.

Night Stalker: The beast of bedtime tales, Balanar is the primal terror that every child knows to fear. When night falls, Balanar goes on the hunt, moving and striking with devilish swiftness. He inflicts a debilitating Void, slowing and forcing his quarry to flee, arms withering and spells fizzling as their hearts are stricken with Crippling Fear. Even the lighted hours provide no safety from the Night Stalker. When needed, Balanar transforms through a Dark Ascension, spreads his wings under the blackened veil of night, and goes on the prowl for ever more victims.

Omniknight: One of few to ever gaze upon the Omniscience itself, Purist Thunderwrath's faith in the All Seeing One was unshakable. The seasoned knight had been imbued with holy strength, with which he now uses to preserve his allies. The light of Purification not only heals his companions, but burns any foes close by. No sorceries avail against an ally blessed with Heavenly Grace. In decisive moments of battle, Omniknight calls forth the Guardian Angel, granting himself and nearby allies near invulnerability against all physical attacks.

Phoenix: Out of the deep void burst forth infinite stars, among them the cosmic progeny known to mortals as Phoenix. With stellar flame emanating from its terrestrial form, the Phoenix dives the battlefield in an arc, setting ablaze all who pass beneath its wings. Within its ever-collapsing core sprang short-lived Fire Spirits, paroxysms of conscious light that burned with debilitating flame. From afar the firebird beams its Sun Ray, scorching foes, yet nurturing allies. By its own celestial timing, the son of suns ends its current life in a Supernova, radiating intense heat until the mass explodes, restoring Phoenix to its form through the glory of rebirth.

Pudge: The Butcher loomed over the field, strewn with dead and dying, his body swaying with heaped flesh. Swish, thunk. Pudge hacks tendon from joint, flesh from bone, and gobbles down his grisly harvest. But carcasses were no substitute for fresh meat. So the Butcher lies in wait, peering through foliage with beady eyes. Was it food or foe? Pudge rarely made the distinction. His Meat Hook sails through the air, dragging the prey across the river with a savage yank. Disoriented, the meat stumbles, gagging on a sudden stench of Rot. It looks up at the fleshy hulk, hoping for an answer, only to watch the cleaver fall as the Butcher Dismembers his next meal in a bloody slaughter.

Sand King
Obscured in the harshest of Sand Storms was Crixalis, guardian and ambassador of the Scintillant Waste. A construct of sentient sand, the Sand King traverses the world in a carapace of Djinn's craft. From beneath the shifting dunes he ambushes enemies with Burrowstrike, inflicting a desiccating venom that causes their corpses to erupt in a Caustic Finale. But true destruction was heralded by a beating tail. Within moments, the ground pulsed with violent tremors, and from its moving Epicenter Crixalis pursued scattering foes until the very last fell to their knees. Across bazaars and between towns, the learned repeat a simple truth. Where the Sand King walks, the earth trembles.

Slardar: More suited to the comforts of the lightless ocean canyons, Slardar surfaces only to scout, and to track down those who have thieved from the Sunken Treasury. Born under the immense pressure of the deep, he Guardian Sprints with one muscular tail, chasing down legged foes with alarming swiftness. Ever vigilant in his duties, Slardar casts a Corrosive Haze over hidden intruders, revealing their form and softening their armor. Once discovered, there was little time to react. Slardar smashes the ground with a Slithereen Crush, dazing nearby enemies just long enough to pulverize them with Bash of the Deep.

Snapfire: The plucky Keen known as Beatrix Snapfire has survived to venerable old age in the harsh deserts of Nanarak, owing to her ingenious craftsmanship, and overwhelming firepower. Mounted on her dragon toad Mortimer, she dispenses Scatterblasts and Firesnap Cookies alike, while shooting down targets with barrages from Lil' Shredder, her mounted turret. For extremely distant enemies, Mortimer serves as Beatrix's artillery, issuing gobs of firespit from his gullet to cover the battlefield in pools of flame.

Spirit Breaker: From the elemental realm, Barathrum crosses into this world as an amalgamate of bestial forms, selected for the purpose of serving his hidden master. Gifted with unusual haste, the Spirit Breaker's strength increases with speed as he Bulldozes all in his path. Given sight of a distant foe, Barathrum initiates a Charge of Darkness, rushing past high valleys and dense woods until he crashes headlong into battle, stunning and knocking back enemies with a Greater Bash. Before foes can muster a response, the Spirit Breaker shifts into his native realm, reappearing up close to deliver the Nether Strike that will seal their fates.

Sven: The Rogue Knight lives by two creeds: Honor, as ordained by his own personal code, and solitude. Using his iron gauntlet, Sven throws out the Storm Hammer to stun multiple foes, then closes in to cut them down with Great Cleave. In the heat of battle, the Rogue Knight calls upon God's Strength, greatly increasing his power as he descends on hapless opponents with his gargantuan blade.

Tidehunter
Tired of undersea politics, Leviathan rises from the waves to stalk the shallows for victims. Travelers who cross him are blasted with a Gush of foamy brine, impairing their movement as the Tidehunter lumbers after them on land. Wielding a souvenir stolen from a hated rival, Leviathan pulverizes armor and flesh alike with a hefty Anchor Smash. Spears and arrows bend against his Kraken Shell, allowing no chance for interruption as the Tidehunter summons his abyssal god to Ravage enemies in a sea of flailing tentacles.

Timbersaw: Rizzrack had good cause to be paranoid. Augury Bay fell to the walking trees, its inhabitants crushed under branch and bough. But that was the past. The new saw-suit changed everything. Its long Timber Chain shot out, grasping the nearest trunk and pulling the suit towards it. In an instant, a dozen trees fell in a circle to the oversized saw. Whirling Death, I'll call it! But that was not all. A press of the button, and the bladed Chakram flew into the forest, cutting down even the sturdiest of hardwoods. Delirious with success, Rizzrack sent the saw spinning in all directions, cackling until all that remained was a field of naked stumps. Now, he was ready to face his fears.

Tiny: A curious being of animated stone, Tiny roams the world in search of his origins. Seemingly mild-mannered, the Stone Giant is nonetheless a force to behold as he brings down an Avalanche of boulders. With a simple Toss, Tiny throws friends and foes alike across the battlefield, landing them on top of enemies and into the fray. In time and with experience, Tiny Grows larger and more powerful. Some have even claimed to witness the Stone Giant wielding a massive tree, bludgeoning at a fortress until only rubble remained.

Treant Protector: From beyond the Vale of Augury comes Rooftrellen, a lone explorer sent forth by his ancient race to survey the wider world. Barely distinguishable from his arboreal brethren, the Treant Protector summons a wall of vines with Nature's Grasp, draining foes with Leech Seed while protecting allies with Living Armor. Given possession of one mystical scepter, Rooftrellen enchants trees to serve as his Eyes in the Forest. Unsuspecting foes may find themselves in an Overgrowth of vines and roots, fully immobilized for that which awaits them.

Tusk: Amidst broken stools and shattered bottles, the bewildered barkeep issued Ymir his greatest challenge. Find a proper battle, and win it for whichever side he chose. With that, the champion brawler strode forth, bringing with him the northern elements in the form of a frozen sigil. To make sure no opponent chickens out, Ymir throws down a field of Ice Shards, cutting off all retreat. Gathering both snow and allies, Ymir rolls into battle as an unstoppable Snowball, stunning foes in its path. For a finale, the Tusk winds up his drinking arm, and launches his opponent into orbit with one good, solid Walrus PUNCH!

Underlord: Through a Dark Rift comes the legions of the Abyssal Horde, marching out of their subterranean city with intent to conquer the nations above. Amidst the invaders stood Vrogros, the demonic hulk who rained apocalyptic Firestorms from the sky, engulfing towns and villages in emerald flame. Unsatisfied with ruling the lands below, the Underlord steps into the sunlight to expand his dominion over the surface world. Trapped in a Pit of Malice, the newly enslaved can only lament their dismal fate from now until the day when all is consumed by the yawning abyss.

Undying: Consumed by the chorus of the unending Dirge, the Undying one marches across the land, rallying the dead to rise against the living. He saps the strength from his enemies with Decay, and tears the life from close-by beings with Soul Rip, searing enemies while infusing allies with health. Atop the battlefield he erects a terrible Tombstone, calling forth legions of zombies to maim and incapacitate his foes. The Undying's powers grow as he transforms into a gruesome Flesh Golem, slowing and rendering nearby enemies vulnerable until their lifeless bodies succumb at last to the almighty Dirge.

Wraith King: On the millennial solstice known as Wraith-Night, Ostarion stood frozen amid the carnage, absorbing innumerable souls as his champions sacrificed their lives for the King. Now brimming with Wraith Essence, Ostarion immobilizes his adversaries with Wraithfire Blast, stunning and searing them over time. His greatsword smashes foes in one Mortal Strike, sapping their essence to feed his Vampiric Aura. Only fools trust the erratic reports of Ostarion's death. For when slain, the wraith energies that bind his body begin to reconstitute his parts, joining limb to torso until the Wraith King's Reincarnation comes full circle.


Anti-Mage: Among the ascetic monks of Turstarkuri, only a young acolyte was fortunate enough to escape the fallen legion's assault on the monastery. Now, vowing to eliminate not only the magic of the Dead God, the Anti-Mage returns to eradicate magic altogether. Protected by a Counterspell shield, he shrugs off sorcery that would end lesser heroes. No wizard's trick is enough to contain or elude the Anti-Mage, as he Blinks out of traps and pursues targets to the ends of the world. With each swing of his unorthodox blades, the Anti-Mage erodes his opponent's mana, setting up the depleted caster to perish in a crushing Mana Void.

Arc Warden: As old as the Ancients themselves, Zet endeavors to end the disharmony among the warring factions through whatever means necessary. Solitary foes are thrown into a volatile state of Flux, ripping away at their health over time. Allies find shelter under its Magnetic Field, evading and attacking with greater efficiency. Zet summons Spark Wraiths, fragments of its former self that circle in place, and seek out nearby foes. Is there one Arc Warden, or two? Armed with the original's items and abilities, Zet's Tempest Double duplicates each spell and every attack, bringing twice the chaos to any fight.

Bloodseeker: The Flayed Twins' obscene demand for blood could only be met through constant carnage, a task for which Strygwyr was more than suited. Driven by insatiable Thirst, the Bloodseeker senses injured foes from leagues away, and chases them down with eager speed. Through sacred markings on his gear, the blood of the freshly sacrificed flows directly to the Flayed Ones, leaving just enough to mend his wounds and fuel his Bloodrage. Strygwyr paints the land with a crimson ring, silencing foes caught in this Blood Rite. Those who run only hasten their own demise. The Bloodseeker Ruptures every artery, causing his victim to hemorrhage with each step. By blood loss or by Strygwyr's tribal blades, death is but a foregone conclusion.

Bounty Hunter: Fear is the mother of rumor, and tales of Gondar's origins are nothing but hearsay. He Shadow Walks into the best guarded keeps, enchanting his blades with the word "Jinada", so that they may cripple with a single slice. If that doesn't do the job, Gondar reaches for his oversized Shuriken, and slings it into his victim's back. For the right price, the Bounty Hunter will deliver any head. The hunted are tagged with an invisible mark, allowing Gondar and his partners to Track, kill, and make a little extra off the corpse. Because in the end, it's all about the gold.

Broodmother: Inhabiting the lava tubes below the caldera of Mount Pyrotheos, Black Arachnia grew tired of recent adventurers stepping on her many offspring. And so, the Broodmother set out to rid the world of every potential intruder, one hero at a time. Paralytic venom drips from her fangs, crippling and blinding her prey with each Incapacitating Bite. Warm bodies make ideal nurseries, a fact not lost on Black Arachnia as she injects her eggs into dying foes to Spawn Spiderlings. Across patches of land she Spins Webs of silken fiber, sheltering herself within to recuperate injuries. Driven by Insatiable Hunger, the Broodmother goes into a feeding frenzy, sucking the vital fluids from wandering heroes to replenish herself for the next spawn cycle.

Clinkz: As Clinkz loosed his final arrow, the demon Maraxiform ignited the land with hellfire, burning him to the bone. Yet, the heroic bowman did not die. He had slain the demon, and unwittingly earned king-mage Sutherex's reward: Eternal life. Immortalized at the precipice of death, Clinkz now makes advantageous use of his skeletal body. Camouflaged, he walks into hostile lands, forming Death Pacts with wildlife to empower his shots. The demon's inferno burns within his ribs, with which he now lights Searing Arrows to devastating effect. When backup is needed, Clinkz calls upon a Burning Army of skeletal archers, incinerating his foes in the flames of their hellfire barrage.

Drow Ranger: Dwelling deep within the forest, few have ever caught glimpse of the solitary and impossibly beautiful Drow Ranger. Her presence was known only from the chill of Frost Arrows, driving deep into her enemies' hearts. Named and raised by the sympathetic Drow, Traxex draws on her heritage to send forth a powerful Gust, silencing and repulsing assailants who venture too close. Her expertise allows her to Multishot, launching a rapid salvo of arrows at multiple targets. Honing her skill to peerless precision, the Drow Ranger's legendary Marksmanship only improves with each passing skirmish.

Ember Spirit: Impressed by the teachings of Xin, the Burning Celestial breathed life into the warrior-poet's ashes, and from there an image of Xin appeared, born anew as the Ember Spirit. The great teacher dashes through his opponents, a Sleight of Fist that strikes each foe once before returning to his original spot. He immobilizes enemies with Searing Chains, holding them in place against the scorching heat of his Flame Guard. Across the land, Xin's glowing likenesses stand silent guard. The Ember Spirit arrives at his Fire Remnants from impossible distances, catching the unprepared in a burst of flame before they surrender their lives to Xin's burning blades.

Faceless Void: Hailing from the realm of Claszureme, Darkterror is a being for whom the laws of spacetime do not apply. The Faceless Void knocks opponents out of this dimension, pausing and stunning them with Time Lock. He fast-forwards through space, stepping past obstacles while backtracking any damage taken. Nearby enemies are exposed to Time Dilation, slowing not only their movement, but also the rate at which spells can be cast. Darkterror rips opens a rift to Claszureme, bringing all except himself to a complete standstill. Frozen in time, foes can only stand oblivious as the Faceless Void dismantles them from within the Chronosphere.

Gyrocopter: The world's first non-magical flying device took over a decade to create, and less than a few seconds to shoot down. But its pilot was not deterred. Aurel returned to the skies in a newer, better Gyrocopter. One with Flak Cannons, to strafe entire fields of foes. And Homing Missiles, to shoot down bogeys no matter how they twist or turn. Somebody infringing on your airspace? Let them have it with a Rocket Barrage. But sometimes, it's easier to just use the big bomb. Aurel Calls Down an air strike, and then delivers the payload himself before soaring away from the rising explosion. Not bad for an old timer.

Juggernaut: What laid under the Juggernaut's mask, none could say. The last of his kind, Yurnero carries alone the martial traditions of his native isle, now sunken forever beneath the waves. The Juggernaut elevates swordplay to an art form, cutting down foes in the unstoppable cyclone of Blade Fury, and striking at every vulnerability with Blade Dance. Should his party sustain injury, he is quick to replenishes their vitality with a portable Healing Ward. A paragon of discipline, Yurnero waits patiently for the opportune moment to execute his most fearsome technique. Dashing between foes with imperceptible swiftness, the Juggernaut's Omnislash eviscerates his opponents long before any can mount a defense.

Lone Druid: Chosen by the forces of nature for his profound wisdom, Sylla is all that remains of his forgotten clan. The Lone Druid is followed by his Spirit Bear, a powerful companion that Entangles enemies, and Demolishes structures. The sound of a Savage Roar is often all that's needed to frighten foes from the forest. If not, then the pair forms a Spirit Link, increasing their speed as they roam the lands for intruders. Man or bear, the distinction is not always clear. When the situation calls for it, the Lone Druid takes his True Form, lets out an invigorating Battle Cry, and joins the mêlée to fight claw-to-claw alongside his bear.

Luna: Renouncing her savage past, Luna swore her service to Selemene, and embraced the title of Moon Rider. The Goddess bestows a Lunar Blessing on her new champion, boosting her strength and heightening her nocturnal senses. Saddled on top of Nova, her beastly mount, Luna bounds across the Nightsilver Woods to smite trespassers with Lucent Beams. Superior numbers are no advantage against the Moon Rider. Through divine will, the midday sun gives way to night, and every foe is struck by rays of lunar energy as Luna tears through their ranks with flying Moon Glaives. By Selemene's wrath or through her own hand, the Moon Rider levels the battlefield under the brief darkness of the Eclipse.

Medusa: The youngest Gorgon was also the most beautiful, but looks alone could not rescue her kidnapped sisters. Therefore, Medusa traded her beauty for terrible new powers, and has never regretted it since. Each arrow she fires divides into multiple Split Shots, striking several targets at once. Foes bitten by Mystic Snake are sapped of energy, a resource that returns to Medusa for her defensive use. Encased in a Mana Shield, she survives against even the most unfavorable odds. Heroes who lay eyes on her may find it hard to turn away. Petrified, none could hope to approach Medusa before the Gorgon's legendary Stone Gaze turns their bodies to statues.

Meepo: A scavenger's life is not easy. It was one thing to Earthbind a potential meal, but quite another to handle the Riftshadow crystals that, upon breaking, could splinter one's soul. They are valuable, though. And that's what matters most to Meepo. Seldom seen alone, Meepo commands up to five separate bodies, completing multiple tasks in record time. Tired clones are sent home to rest, and once refreshed, quickly rejoins his brethren with a simple Poof. Draining foes and Ransacking fortresses, a swarm of angry, shovel-wielding Meepos can overwhelm even the mightiest of heroes.

Mirana: Mirana patrols the Nightsilver Woods, ever vigilant against those who would dare to take from her Goddess's preserve. Leaping into action on her white feline mount, the Princess of the Moon calls down a heavenly Starstorm to rain waves of meteors on surrounding enemies. Wielding a bow tipped with lunar ore, she takes skillful aim with Sacred Arrows to find her mark from extreme distances. By the blessing of Selemene, Mirana shrouds the land in Moonlight Shadow, disappearing her companions so that they may position themselves for the ultimate ambush.

Monkey King: Having survived every encounter with the wrathful gods, the immortal Sun Wukong returns to do what he does best: cause endless Mischief. Tricky and deceptive, the Monkey King takes the shape of a tree, and lies in wait to Boundless Strike the unsuspecting with his extendable staff. He leaps nimbly from treetop to treetop, scouting the ideal location to crash down on enemies with Primal Spring. A tuft of hair—plucked from his head—scatters into the wind, transforming into legions of soldiers. Under Wukong's Command, the clone army makes certain that no foe ever leaves the field without battling the Monkey King himself.

Morphling: After eons of travel in the darkness of space, the icy comet plunged to earth, and from there rose an elemental being of sentient liquid. Unbound by any permanent shape, the Morphling alters his attributes to match his needs, Shifting between potent attacker, and resilient survivor. He blasts enemies with Adaptive Strikes, violent bursts of water that sting or stun, depending on his composition. When needed, Morphling surges forward in Waveform, battering foes while passing through obstacles. The power to Morph into an exact replica of any hero is his greatest asset, confounding enemies before destroying them with their ally's abilities.

Naga Siren: Once a highly regarded commander of the Slithereen Guard, Slithice fell from honor following a seemingly trivial oversight. She was to find the one stolen chalice, or remain banished forever. Slithice splits into three Mirror Images, sending them to scout ahead and mislead foes. She Ensnares targets in a luminous net, then lashes out with Rip Tide to soften their armor. The enemy halts in mid-swing, lowering their weapons at the sound of a haunting aria. There they will stand, mesmerized, unresponsive to Slithice's encircling allies as they listen to the Siren Song that has lulled them to their deaths.

Nyx Assassin: Within the colony of zealot scarabs, the queen goddess Nyx selected a single grub to answer her highest calling. And so, through designed metamorphosis, the Nyx Assassin came into being. The telepathic scarab devours his prey's minds through Mana Burn, while sending out rows of subterranean spikes to Impale them from below. Armored with a Spiked Carapace, he stuns attackers and reflects damage back to their source. But the goddess' servant is deadliest when unseen. A distracted target has no chance to react as the Nyx Assassin pierces its body with massive mandibles, thereby fulfilling an unspoken Vendetta in the name of his queen.

Pangolier: Fond of wine, women, and danger, the gallant Donté Panlin goes wherever adventure calls. Dropping into the fight with a Shield Crash, the Pangolier Swashbuckles his way to glory as he fends off attacks with his scaly plates. His rapier's pointed tip finds the weakness in any defense, delivering Lucky Shots cripple and maim. Curling up into an impenetrable ball, the rascally rogue's Rolling Thunder plows through the battlefield, slamming foes aside and clearing the path to victory.

Phantom Assassin: Of all the assassins raised by the Sisters of the Veil, only one is known by name: Mortred. Through meditation and prophecy, the order identifies the next target to die at her hands. Attacks miss against the Phantom Assassin as she Blurs into her surroundings, traversing undetected across the land to catch her victims unawares. She opens the encounter with a Stifling Dagger, thrown from the shadows, then leaps upon the crippled target to deliver a flurry of Phantom Strikes. Mortred ends the struggle with a decisive Coup de Grace, leaving behind only the blood-splattered ground as testament to her efficiency.

Phantom Lancer: As Azwraith drove his pike through Vorn, the Dread Magus shattered into innumerable shards of light, saturating his killer with a strange new power. Once a humble fisherman, the Phantom Lancer spears targets from afar with Spirit Lance, spawning an illusion to harass his opponent as he closes the gap with Phantom Rush. When cornered, he vanishes briefly from the battlefield, reappearing at a nearby spot while leaving behind two Doppelgangers to confuse pursuers. In the heat of combat, Azwraith summons illusions through Juxtapose, overwhelming foes before their eyes can scarcely distinguish the Phantom Lancer from his army of clones.

Razor: The whip that ushers the dead through the Narrow Maze brings just as much pain on the battlefield. The Lightning Revenant radiates a Plasma Field that shocks nearby foes, once upon expansion, and again upon contraction. He connects to enemy heroes with a Static Link, transferring their power to his own reserves. Charged by a Storm Surge, Razor hovers effortlessly off the ground, and sends jolts of electricity to those who dare come too close. In the Eye of the Storm, one finds Razor, watching and delighting in his work as bolts of lightning reduce his foes to charred remains.

Riki: The soldiers came for his father, and his brothers, but not for Riki. For once, it was good to be the neglected middle child. Leaving his past life behind, Riki escaped the royal grounds using his own methods of Cloak and Dagger. Stealthy and fond of killing from behind, Riki throws down a dense Smoke Screen, blinding and choking foes as he takes them by surprise with Blink Strike. Intruders who enter his turf are greeted with twin daggers, flashes of steel that slash simultaneously at every turned back, while the master himself remains unseen. How this feat is accomplished remains a mystery, for Riki is not one to divulge the Tricks of the Trade.

Shadow Fiend: Some heroes collect trophies, others collect hats. The one known as Nevermore prefers souls. Maintaining perfect Necromastery over his collection, the Shadow Fiend grows in power with every soul claimed. Armor fails in the Presence of the Dark Lord, leaving foes no choice but to scramble before he Shadowrazes them to oblivion. It is a poor idea to surround Nevermore. The Shadow Fiend pauses to charge his demonic energies, then, with a flourish of his lightless wings, releases his collection in all directions to obliterate enemies in a howling Requiem of Souls.

Slark: The only prisoner ever to escape from Dark Reef, Slark's abilities and ruthlessness are without equal. The Nightcrawler Pounces on his foes, leaping over obstacles and pinning them to the ground. With every swing of his barnacle encrusted blade, Slark steals his target's essences, converting them to render himself more agile. He forges a Dark Pact, sacrificing his own lifeblood to dissipate negative energies that damage foes, and frees him from magical constraints. Concealing himself with Shadow Dance, the Nightcrawler presents no visible target to would-be attackers. Hidden in this black haze, Slark escapes the inescapable, and returns to gut his enemies with little risk of retribution.

Sniper: With a single bullet, Kardel Sharpeye pierced the steepstalker's central eye from the valley floor, an ominous act that resulted in his ritual exile. He would win acclaim on a field of battle, or never return. Like his mountain kin, the Sniper is one with his firearm. He Takes Aim from great distances, and scores Headshots that stop his targets dead. Armed with a modular rifle, Kardel launches incendiary rounds to rain burning Shrapnel over entrenched positions. No enemy is safe within the range of the Sniper's scope. Kardel pauses to line up his crosshairs, compensating for every variable before he Assassinates his mark in one fatal shot.

Spectre: An eternal being of violent energies, Mercurial, the Spectre is irresistibly drawn to conflict. She throws out a Spectral Dagger, creating a shadowy trail to her foes in which she may travel unobstructed. Harm done to Mercurial is partially deflected onto nearby foes, a Dispersion of damage that prolongs her endurance. Even in the most Desolate wilderness, travelers are Haunted by visions of Spectre, seeming to prey on their solitude. But these are no mere illusions. It is said that for one in every five haunted, the apparition becomes Reality, and alongside these unfortunate victims the Spectre appears, bringing with her the destruction that she eternally craves.

Templar Assassin: Only the Hidden Temple can satisfy Lanaya's infinite thirst for knowledge. In exchange for such wisdom, she pledged to protect its mysteries with her latent psionic abilities. Bending the laws of nature itself, Lanaya forms a Refraction field that absorbs incoming blows, yet amplifies outgoing attacks. She Melds into the background, lying in wait to unleash a burst of psionic energy on unsuspecting targets. Violet light emanates from her fingertips, Psi Blades that outrange any melee weapon, and cuts through lines of foes at once. Persistent in her goals, Lanaya marks the ground with magic circles of eldritch design. Those who walk unknowingly over a Psionic Trap can only limp away from the explosion—for their presence has been revealed, and the Templar Assassin is not far behind.

Terrorblade: The fractal walls of Foulfell not only failed to contain Terrorblade, they granted him newfound control over its twisted Reflections. The Demon Marauder Conjures Images of himself, confounding enemies and multiplying his damage. Feeding on his own rage, Terrorblade transforms into an even more imposing form; an unholy Metamorphosis that allows him to hurl demonic energies at range. Experienced foes know that an injured demon is far from defeated. At the brink of death, Terrorblade tips the scales with Sunder, eliminating any need for retreat as he exchanges his depleted health with that of his opponent's.

Troll Warlord: Jah'rakal is an intolerable scoundrel, even for a troll. As such, being kicked out of the troll encampment only served to fuel his anger. The next day, he returned with steel in hand, and slew his former comrades in a Berserker's Rage. With each passing blow, the self-styled Troll Warlord accelerates his swings in an irate Fervor. Swapping effortlessly between melee and ranged, he throws his weapons to cripple from afar, while chopping down adjacent foes with Whirling Axes. To challenge Jah'rakal is to invite one's own death. The Troll Warlord enters a Battle Trance, channeling pure hatred into unequaled speed as he decimates his opponents in a storm of bloody axes.

Ursa: The fiercest member of his ursine tribe, Ulfsaar makes it his purpose to seek out the evil fomenting beyond his homeland. The Ursa Warrior shakes the ground with Earthshock, slowing foes as he Overpowers them with relentless attacks. His claws dig in to widen the wound, inflicting greater damage with each successive Fury Swipe. An Enraged ursine is a sight to behold. Ignoring all pain, the Ursa Warrior goes into a righteous frenzy, and bears down on his opponents to maul them beyond recognition.

Vengeful Spirit: Robbed of her wings and rightful place in the Ghastly Eyrie, Shendelzare appealed to the goddess Scree'auk to grant her the dark energies that would complete her vengeance. The fallen princess heralds her arrival with a Wave of Terror, unnerving foes close enough to hear her anguished cry. Like her airborne brethren, the Vengeful Spirit makes liberal use of Magic Missile, a simple Skywrath spell for stunning adversaries. Seeking martyrdom, Shendelzare instantly Nether Swaps with a hero of her choosing, gladly sacrificing herself as she trades positions with a besieged ally, or a fleeing enemy. The worthy who fight alongside Shendelzare are emboldened by her Vengeance Aura, a fanaticism that intensifies their blows and persists even beyond her death.

Venomancer: In his panic, the herbalist Lesale injected himself with a crude antidote, made from the nectar of an armored orchid, and the venom of the reptile that had just stung him. He fell comatose, and a lurid transformation began spreading through his body. Seventeen years later, a strange creature arose from the jungle floor. It infected other living beings by its very touch, and spewed Venomous Gales to slow and poison escaping prey. Part reptile and part orchid, what remained of Lesale's human mind now works to plant Plague Wards, living sentinels that defend its perimeters with acid spit. Foes who approach too close are sprayed with a noxious Poison Nova, ensuring that even those who get away eventually succumb to the Venomancer's many toxins.

Viper: It was foolhardy to try and tame a Netherdrake, a lesson the old wizard learned in death. Freed from his captor, Viper spread his wings and went forth to explore the surface world. His Poison Attacks cause joints to harden, crippling foes whether they choose to flee or fight. Nethertoxin spreads throughout their body, sapping the will and weakening the spirit. The Netherdrake's tough, Corrosive Skin protects against spellcraft, and burns assailants with acid. But it is the dreaded Viper Strike that signals the beginning of the end. The afflicted victim staggers to a crawl, barely able to take his next step. If the Netherdrake doesn't finish him off, the venom in his veins will.

Weaver: All Weavers worked to maintain the fabric of creation, save one Skitskurr, who took it upon himself to create that which had not been woven. Cast out for his ambitions, Skitskurr was now free from his obligations, free to weave a new reality of his own. He opens a gap in spacetime, inviting The Swarm to latch onto enemies, and nibble away at their armor. Nearly impossible to pin down, he slips into micro-wormholes, passing through enemies and reappearing with Shukuchi. The fabric of time frays around Skitskurr, occasionally replaying his actions with Geminate Attack. The Weaver takes brinksmanship to an extreme. Fighting to the verge of death, Skitskurr turns back the clock with Time Lapse, reversing his injuries and undoing his foes' efforts, much to their dismay.

Ancient Apparition: Projected from the cold, infinite void, the Ancient Apparition known as Kaldr is but a faint image of his true self. Nevertheless, his Chilling Touch is enough to crack the sturdiest of armors. Caught in an Ice Vortex, heroes afflicted with Cold Feet seldom go far. A frozen sphere flies across the sky, expanding at its destination. Within seconds, an Ice Blast strikes the marked area. Flash frozen, enemies have no choice but to retreat before their brittle bodies shatter to pieces...

Bane: Formed from the ichor of Nyctasha, Atropos is the vaporous embodiment of pure fear. Sheer terror Enfeebles his enemies, diminishing their attacks. The Bane Elemental puts heroes to sleep, sending them into a restless Nightmare as he feeds on their vital energies through Brain Sap. Some will never wake. Caught in the Fiend's Grip, Bane's victims can only swing at imagined phantoms as fear chokes the life from their bodies.

Batrider: While most would find being kidnapped by a morde-bat to be a terrifying ordeal, one particular young man found the incident exhilarating. Seeking to relive the thrill of flight, he entered the Yama Raskav Jungle, and came out high above the canopy as the Batrider. Atop his leathery mount, he drenches targets below in Sticky Napalm, increasing their flammability before setting the land ablaze with Firefly. He hurls an explosive cocktail, knocking foes away with Flamebreak. Want a ride? That can be arranged. The Batrider spots heroes from above, and throws out the Flaming Lasso to string them along for an experience they will not soon forget.

Chen: Converted at swordpoint after a disastrous battle, Chen quickly became one of the Fold's most zealous knights. Raised among the clans of the Hazhadal Barrens, Chen adapts his skills of animal enthrallment to perform Holy Persuasions, compelling packs of beasts to fight for his cause. His allies are graced with Divine Favor, while foes are forced to atone through the magnified pains of Penitence. Chen's devotion does not go unrewarded. The Hand of God aids his companions in their quests, intervening at critical moments to heal their injuries and save them from fatal blows.

Crystal Maiden: Wherever Rylai went, the cold went with her. Fields and orchards withered in her wake, leaving her parents no choice but to pack her off to Icewrack, a realm in the frigid north. Under the tutelage of a hermit wizard, Rylai learned to imprison her enemies with Frostbite, holding them in place as she freezes the ground with Crystal Nova. Magic flourishes under her Arcane Aura, stimulating mana regeneration in all her companions. In the heat of battle, Rylai keeps a cool head. Channeling her elemental talents, the Crystal Maiden summons enormous shards of ice from the skies, obliterating all foes foolish enough to remain in her Freezing Field.

Dark Seer: In a final, calculated move, Ish'Kafel led his outnumbered army into a new world, sealing the path behind with a burst of dark energy. A cunning tactician, the Dark Seer manipulates gravity to pull foes into a Vacuum, drawing them into the prismatic thorns of his Ion Shell. Armed only with his intellect, he Surges across the land to survey every point of conflict. At strategic locations Ish'Kafel places a Wall of Replica, sowing confusion amongst enemy ranks as an army of duplicates emerge to do battle against their own likenesses.

Dark Willow: Mireska Sunbreeze is a devious rebel for whom deceit and backstabbing are but business norms. Her Fae heritage lets her to slip into the Shadow Realm, avoiding attacks while entrapping victims in a thorny Bramble Maze. She lays a Cursed Crown on her foes, stunning them no matter where they run. The Dark Willow's companion wisp is no less to fear. Jex circles its mistress, creating total Bedlam before tapping into primal fears to Terrorize enemies into submission.

Dazzle: A journey to the Nothl realm changes all its visitors, not least of which Dazzle, a young acolyte of the Dezun order. Consecrated as a Shadow Priest, Dazzle sends outs Shadow Waves to mend and maim. Foes are crippled by his Poison Touch, while allies are blessed with Shallow Grave, cheating death no matter how severe their injuries. Enemies within earshot of his incantations feel their bodies weaken, for those who cross Dazzle are invariably afflicted with an eternity of Bad Juju.

Death Prophet: Denied her own death time and again, Krobelus returns from the grave with skills acquired from the beyond. Gathering a Crypt Swarm, she sends forth a flock of winged beasts to harass the living. A pall of Silence falls over the land, stifling any objection as she Spirit Siphons her enemies dry. Mortals beware. The Death Prophet performs an Exorcism, unleashing the banshee remnants of her previous lives to turn the battlefield into her own haunted ground.

Disruptor: From upland Druud, the Stormcrafter known as Disruptor rides down on his stryder to meet those who threaten ancient Oglodi lands. On his back, he carries a device that lets him aim Thunder Strikes from the skies. The Stormcrafter teleports enemy heroes to an earlier location, and erects his Kinetic Field to confine them within a circular barrier. Magic dissipates inside Disruptor's Static Storm, leaving foes caught within no option but to await their own destruction.

Enchantress: Sproink! Carefree and pure of heart, Aiushtha wanders the forests, listening to the stories of its inhabitants. Nature's Attendants flutter around her, lively sprites that heal critters big and small. When necessary, she Enchants woodland creatures to do her bidding. A perfect image of Untouchable innocence, hunters hesitate to make even the slightest move against Aiushtha. This reluctance is seldom reciprocated. Threats against her friends embolden the Enchantress to break her gentle demeanor, giving her the Impetus to bring those who disturb the peace to a swift and final justice.

Enigma: A mystery worthy of his name, Enigma could only be described as a being of the void, a beast between planes. He draws aspects of himself from other dimensions, performing Demonic Conversions to summon numerous Eidolons. The ground darkens under a Midnight Pulse, and foes are stunned by the unseen force of Malefice as they try to flee its entropic effects. One legend has it that Enigma is actually the first collapsed star. This theory grows more plausible as Enigma begins to channel a cosmic singularity, pulling all except himself into the superdense center of his Black Hole.

Grimstroke: The peoples of Ashkavor gave their lives for the newly Ascended, one unlike any Ascended before him. Grimstroke's lust for power had tainted the sacred ritual, and the corrupted ink consumed him—along with his kin. The defiled remnant of his former beloved remains at his side, agonizing those caught in this Phantom's Embrace. Shrouded by a shadowy Ink Swell, Grimstroke retaliates with lashing black tendrils, while a Stroke of Fate forms under his brush, darkening the land. Drawing on Ashkavorian rituals of protection, Grimstroke twists the ancient arts to Soulbind foes together, so that the sufferings of one will be felt equally by the other.

Invoker: A competent wizard knows perhaps two spells; an exceptional one, three or four. Wielding the elements of Quas, Wex, and Exort, the Invoker surpasses them all. He conjures Forge Spirits, granting them the Alacrity to stun foes through Cold Snap. Predicting enemy movement, the Invoker Sun Strikes any point in the world, then vanishes with Ghost Walk, leaving an impassable Ice Wall to dissuade pursuers. A strong Tornado throws opponents into the air, while an EMP awaits to deplete their mana upon landing. Advancing enemies are repelled with Deafening Blasts, giving Invoker more than enough time to crush them under a Chaos Meteor. Whatever magic he chooses, one thing is certain: All shall come to bow before the Arsenal Magus.

Jakiro: Most Pyrexae dragons are hatched with one head, attuned to either ice or fire. Then there was Jakiro, an accident of nature. Possessing the might of both elements, the twin-headed dragon's Dual Breath freezes and burns simultaneously. Gobs of Liquid Fire adhere to armor and walls, melting down steel and stone alike. Retreating foes are blocked off with Ice Path, giving Jakiro ample time to roast them on his Macropyre.

Keeper of the Light: What appears to be a frail old man on his steed is, in truth, a Fundamental, the Keeper of the Light. Ezalor's staff Illuminates the darkest corners, banishing evil from the realm. He replenishes his companions with Chakra Magic, while casting a Blinding Light over the land, causing attacks to miss. Heads turn to stare at a mysterious shimmering orb, unable to look away as the Keeper's allies encircle foes hypnotized by the flickering lights of the Will-O-Wisp.

Leshrac: Once a worldly philosopher, the hideous truth at the heart of existence twisted Leshrac into the vile being he is today. The Split Earth beneath his hooves opens to consume the unsuspecting, while Lightning Storms strike down entire fields of foes. He pronounces a Diabolic Edict, saturating the air with bouts of magical explosions. Warping the structure of spacetime, Leshrac emits a continuous Pulse Nova, disintegrating nearby foes without ever lifting a finger.

Lich: Resurrected by a curious geomancer, Ethreain bewitched his savior with a Sinister Gaze, then promptly made the man his newest sacrifice. Finally freed from the depths of the Black Pool, the Lich returns to wreak icy destruction on the world. Cloaking his followers with an Frost Shield, Ethreain floats across the battlefield to Frost Blast any who cross him. A frozen orb descends on his foes, traveling from one body to the next until the Chain Frost brings all opposition to their knees.

Lina: Like her younger sister, Lina's elemental affinity was the source of many headaches. Sent south to live with a patient aunt, she learned to master her Fiery Soul in the blazing Desert of Misrule. Channeling the breath of Desert Wyrms, she unleashes her Dragon Slave to burn a path before her. Attuned to fire, Lina ignites the ground with Light Strike Array, incinerating foes in a column of flame. Even the hardiest of heroes fear the Slayer's signature spell: The Laguna Blade. Focusing every bit of heat around her, Lina fires a condensed bolt of white-hot energy, instantly terminating her opponent with minimal struggle or effort.

Lion: Betrayed by his demon partner, Lion went to hell and back for his vengeance, retrieving the demon's hand and grafting it onto his own body. Earth Spikes burst out from the ground, sending his enemies into the air. A simple Hex turns heroes into a harmless frogs, allowing Lion to Mana Drain them without interruption. Satisfied, the Demon Witch raises his disfigured hand, and points the Finger of Death to exterminate foes with a torrent of infernal energy.

Nature's Prophet: Planted as a seed by the goddess Verodicia, and grown from the remnants of her own body, the Nature's Prophet rose on the vernal equinox to defend the verdant world. Gifted with foresight, he Teleports freely across the land to intercept and ambush trespassers. A ring of trees Sprout from the forest floor, trapping foes within its foliage. From the woods, he calls forth countless treants to act as sentient guardians. Channeling the goddess' fury, the Prophet strikes at every intruder in the land, bringing the Wrath of Nature down on all who would do harm to Verodicia's creation.

Necrophos: Sentenced to a slow death by plague, the corrupt cardinal Rotund'jere instead found himself infected, but miraculously immune. A sadist by nature, this strange circumstance gave him the opportunity to carry out his morbid ambitions. Proclaiming himself the Necrophos, he set out to spread disease far and wide. Cloaked in a Ghost Shroud, the cardinal's ethereal presence chills his surroundings, while those who wander too close are struck by waves of Death Pulse. The most afflicted are often the first to die. Marking a head for death, the Pope of Pestilence culls the infirm with a single swing of the Reaper's Scythe.

Ogre Magi: Ogres were not known for their intelligence. Thankfully, a two-headed ogre is born once every generation, a blessed individual whose combined brainpower puts him on par with the dullest of single-headed creatures. Dubbed Aggron Stonebreak, the Ogre Magi bats orbs of flame to Ignite his playthings, then chases after them in a frenzied Bloodlust. What he lacks in wits, he makes up for with luck. The Ogre Magi possesses an innate chance to Multicast his spells, allowing him to quash enemies by doubling, tripling, even quadrupling the damage from a simple Fireblast.

Oracle: Assigned to council the Graven King, Nerif's words came true with such accuracy that his advisors began to question whether the Oracle merely spoke prophecies, or shaped the very paths of fate itself. Exiled from his own universe for his disturbing powers, Nerif now turns his gifts to more immediate concerns. It could go either way. The Oracle's famous words reflect his own double-edged actions. Dispelling both boons and curses, Fortune's End comes sooner than expected. Fate's Edict shelters heroes from magic, yet prevents them from raising arms. Purifying Flames stimulate regeneration, but not without the initial pains of cleansing. Allies may find themselves briefly immune to both healing and harm, only to receive their effects twofold at the end of Nerif's False Promise.

Outworld Devourer: Wary of the happenings near the central sun, Harbinger departs from his vigil to take his place on the plains of war. The Outworld Devourer creates an Essence Flux, balancing the tides of mana between him and his opponents. Any being may be placed in Astral Imprisonment, strategically removing them from the field. Glowing spheres fly from his staff, Arcane Orbs that permeate any shield. Looming above his enemies, the Outworld Devourer drops the proverbial hammer, extinguishing the unenlightened with the cosmic force of Sanity's Eclipse.

Puck: Hatched on the frond of the Undertree, Puck's youthful mischievousness belied inscrutable motives. Tricky and elusive, the neotenous Faerie Dragon launches a bright Illusory Orb, then reappears at any point along its path. It disrupts magecraft with a sprinkle of faerie dust, then Phase Shifts out of existence to avoid swords and spells alike. Equally adept at fighting and play, Puck binds foes to a single point with Dream Coil, forcing them to break their restraints and be stunned, or stay and face Puck's advancing allies.

Pugna: Chosen at a tender age to be the next lama, Pugna wasted no time in demonstrating his abilities. He Decrepifies his classmates, briefly banishing them to another realm. His Nether Ward fires mana flares at the source of any nearby magic, discouraging even the most powerful casters. A Nether Blast soon rocked the lamasery, razing it to the ground. The temple no longer served any purpose. Pugna had transcended his predecessors—a fact few would doubt lest he decides to Life Drain them into oblivion.

Queen of Pain: Summoned in secret to fulfill a forbidden desire, Akasha performed the most exquisite torments—until her client was thrown to his death for neglecting his royal duties. Released from her contract, the Queen of Pain was now free to bring agony to whomever she pleased. She Shadow Strikes, hurling a poisoned dagger that draws out the suffering over time. Running is futile. Akasha Blinks past defenses, wracking her victims with Scream of Pain. There is only one release from such torture. The Queen flexes her membranous wings, then delivers an earpiercing Sonic Wave that will put an end to all misery.

Rubick: A renowned duelist among sorcerers, Rubick ascended to the title of Grand Magus through the careful elimination of his rivals. Accustomed to assassins, Rubick reacts by lifting attackers off the ground, then throws them across the room with Telekinesis. His Arcane Supremacy amplifies his every spell, while enemy arms falter being struck with Fade Bolt. No magic is beyond the reach of the Grand Magus. Rubick replicates enemy specialties with Spell Steal, deciphering their secrets before turning them back towards their owners.

Shadow Demon: Conspiring to gain power in material plane, the Shadow Demon patiently amassed himself a cult of followers. An entity of malevolent corruption, he spreads Shadow Poison to pollute the pure, compounding its effects with Soul Catcher. Heroes sent into the void of Disruption are temporarily hidden, but return with two illusions under his command. A Demonic Purge strips unneeded servants of every enchantment, effectively relieving them of their duties—and their lives.

Shadow Shaman: Much to the surprise of the travelling con-man, his newly adopted assistant could actually perform his tricks with real magic. Rhasta, the young half-troll, dazzled audiences with the lights of Ether Shock, among other things. But their duplicitous deeds soon caught up with them. An angry mob descended on the pair, killing the old master. Rhasta had no choice but to adapt his show tricks for darker purposes. He Hexes one foe, transforming him into a chicken, while locking down another with magical Shackles—but not before conjuring up a Mass Serpent Ward. Spitting fire in every direction, the Shadow Shaman's charmed snakes make short work of his disabled enemies.

Silencer: Two hundred years of selective breeding had produced Nortrom, the prophesied war-mage that would bring glory to the order of Aeol Drias. Therefore, disgust and disappointment followed when it was found that the boy could cast not even a hex. Yet, on the day of final testing, Nortrom would have the Last Word. His arranged opponents fell under an Arcane Curse, draining their health with each incantation made. Then, there was Global Silence. Not a gasp or whisper escaped their lips as Nortrom finished off each challenger with his multipronged Glaives of Wisdom. At that moment, it became clear to all watching: The absence of magic can be the greatest magic of all.

Skywrath Mage: Ensconced in his studies, Dragonus hardly noticed the treachery being plotted against his lover. By the time Shendelzare had fallen from grace, it was already too late. Bound to his courtly duties, Dragonus could only dream in secret of restoring his beloved to her rightful throne. Until then, he would sharpen his skills, blasting away at targets with Arcane Bolt and slowing them with Concussive Shot. Those who stand in his way would be muted by an Ancient Seal, exposing their vulnerability before the Skywrath Mage annihilates them in the storm of Mystic Flare.

Storm Spirit: In a final act of desperation, the elementalist Thunderkeg cast a suicidal spell that merged his being with the Storm Celestial. From this fusion, the Storm Spirit was born. Now known by his combined name, Raijin Thunderkeg leaves behind crackling images of himself, boastful poses that shock foes as he pulls them into his Electric Vortex. Every ability Overloads him with energy, which he gleefully discharges on the next unfortunate target. Like a jolly weatherman, Raijin forecasts victory with a boisterous laugh. The Storm Spirit flashes across the land in the form of Ball Lightning, zaps his enemies senseless, and zips away before any can hope to catch him.

Techies: Techies Demolitions was not so much a business as it was an excuse for Squee, Spleen, and Spoon to practice their favorite hobby: Blowin' stuff up. The Proximity Mines they buried beneath Toterin collapsed that town into a heap of rubble. The Stasis Traps they set for Trapper Town stunned the trappers while their quarry got away. A new invention has to be tested on something. Packed with flamesalt explosives, a stack of Remote Mines reduced Dredger's Bight to a smoking crater. Techies Demolitions handles dissatisfied customers with unexpected cheer. The last words "Blast Off!" can be heard just before an epic explosion delivers them from the need to face any consequences.

Tinker: Compared to magic, the study of natural law was much more consistent, but no less dangerous. From their subterranean laboratory, Boush and his colleagues opened a portal to a distant world, a portal through which untold horrors began to pass into this realm. Cutting his way to freedom with a Laser, Boush surfaced as the only Tinker to survive the Violet Plateau incident. Equipped with contraptions befitting a maniacal researcher, Boush launches Heat-Seeking Missiles from his shoulders, and radios in armies of robotic drones to disassemble his enemies. Unhindered by the delays of magic, the Tinker Rearms his tools on the fly, wasting no time in demolishing anything that stands in his way.

Visage: Perched atop the Narrow Maze was Visage, a dreadful gargoyle form to which the eternal spirit Necro'lic was bound. Tasked with hunting down those who escape the afterlife, Visage instills a Grave Chill in his prey, impairing them as he reaps their essence with Soul Assumption. Protected by a Gravekeeper's Cloak, the gargoyle's ablative layers deflect both steel and spells. Visage's Familiars circle above, scouting the land for runaways. On his command, they harass their prey, then drop down to earth in Stone Form to restrain the captive for their master's impending arrival.

Void Spirit: From the Hidden Temple, Inai steps into the material world to perform tasks that change the trajectory of the world. Dissimilating and reappearing in random portals, the Void Spirit leaves behind glowing Aether Remnants that pull enemies into their destructive embrace. Sending out a Resonant Pulse, he shrouds himself in the essence of the void, absorbing incoming attacks. A tear in reality is observed as the Void Spirit Astral Steps through his enemies, leaving a trail of ruin in his path.

Warlock: In the endless pursuit of rare texts, Demnok Lannik found it necessary to learn the magicks that would help him reach the most inaccessible tomes. In short time, his obsessive study made him the most powerful Warlock in the academy. He whispers a versatile Shadow Word to heal fellow adventurers, or damage hostile creatures. Fatal Bonds link his enemies together, forcing each to suffer a share of the others' pains. Demnok Lannik brings a Chaotic Offering to every fight. Mired in a dimensional Upheaval, not even an army can hold out long against the Warlock's flaming Golem.

Windranger: Born in the midst of a ruinous tempest, Lyralei has always been one with the elemental wind. Swift of foot, and true of aim, she Windruns across the battlefield, avoiding attacks as she charges a Powershot to pierce foes from afar. Armed with both quiver and rope, the Windranger binds enemies together with a handy Shackleshot. Honing her concentration, Lyralei launches a relentless sequence of arrows, Focus Firing on a single target until it resembles little more than an oversized pincushion.

Winter Wyvern: Frustrated with writer's block, Auroth, the Eldwurm scholar takes flight from her lair to forge a new, heroic narrative—with herself as protagonist. Where most dragons originate fire, the Winter Wyvern stores unfathomable cold. Soaring over the treeline, she breathes a blistering chill, causing painful Arctic Burns. Frozen crystals form inside her gullet, shattering upon impact to Splinter Blast hordes of closely packed foes. Gentle with her companions, she holds them in a Cold Embrace, wrapping them in healing ice. Auroth has no time for would-be dragonslayers. Compelling her attackers to turn against one another, her Winter's Curse resolves the problem before any intruder ever sets foot in her lair.

Witch Doctor: A bizarre figure shambles across the land, searching for any opportunity to apply the morbid arts of Prefectura Island. Filling a skull with noxious powder, the Witch Doctor throws this Paralyzing Cask to stun enemies in succession. To his allies, Zharvakko is a fountain of health, curing ailments with Voodoo Restoration. To his foes, he is the source of curses. The Witch Doctor Maledicts his adversaries, forcing them to relive the agony they will inevitably receive from his Death Ward.

Zeus: Fond of mortal women, but even fonder of immortality, the Lord of Heaven descends from the clouds to prove himself a faithful spouse. Charged with godly might, Zeus calls down Lightning Bolts, smiting the wicked and revealing the hidden. Arc Lightning crackles between his fingers, jolts of electricity that leap from one puny mortal to the next. There is no running from heaven. Zeus points his arms skyward, bringing divine punishment down on each and every foe. Wherever they may be, none shall stand against the Thundergod's Wrath.



